# Topics
1. Documentation
2. PR rules
3. Roadmap
4. Core Group Workshop
5. Biotope Element

## 1. Documentation
We switch from docz to the much better docsify (https://docsify.js.org/#/)

## 2. PR rules
We keep the two reviewer rule and decide per PR if it is okay to use our admin privileges to merge with only one or no review.

## 3. Roadmap
We want to setup a roadmap where also the developers can vote for features they want next to be implemented or improvements to be made.
Marc will take a look into tools. First idea of Jurek: https://www.uservoice.com/


## 4. Core Group Workshop
As preparation of our workshop on January the 11th we will prepare the following things:
1. What are the things we want to have in biotope in half a year?
2. Still open questions to biotope in general

The goals for the workshop:
- We create the dependency chart, to get an overview of biotope as a whole project
- We clarify open questions
- We agree on next changes we want to adress

## 5. Biotope Element
We merge the non breaking biotope-boilerplate branch containing biotope-element ready setup-
This will then be biotope v6 and should be used for biotope init and all new projects.
