# Core Get-Together (11.01.2019)
## Participants
@jurekbarth @tiagomapmarques @timomayer @SheepFromHeaven

## Agenda:
1. Dependency chart
2. Clarify pen questions
3. Roadmap for the next half a year (developer feedback)

## 1. Dependency chart
Current architecture:
![current](./img/biotope-architecture--old.jpg)

## 2. Open questions
 - bioto.pe: The domain is hard to tell people: Proposal to also buy biotope.sh => main page (agreed)
 - How do we handle other open source products? We will create seperate organisations after consideration and link to vi organisation.
 - Who will take care of the branding (logo, social media)? First step: logo and 2-3 color + font => @jurekbarth
 - When will we start working on biotope.sh? => Now (with planning next steps in biweekly)
 - Should we adress the release/versioning problem (.lock file) => yes => Roadmap
 - Should we keep major.minor.patch? => yes, it's hard to keep versions same
 - Where does biotope register scripts? on the global `window.biotope` namespace => biotope interface to roadmap
 - Can we remove the biotope- in front of the repos? => roadmap
 
 ## 3. Roadmap
 see https://github.com/orgs/biotope/projects/2
